README.md, before:

This is a starter project for people making Jekyll sites for hosting in Github Pages and editing with Prose.io.

## Features:

 - Clearly documented
 - Ready for Prose.io (includes a [links.json](links.json), edit link on each page, and various _config settings)
 - Uses Bootstrap 3
 - Uses [Redcarpet](https://github.com/vmg/redcarpet), the same markdown renderer as Github. **TODO:** Document GFM features in demo page.

## Quick start

 - [Fork me](https://github.com/edrex/reusable-jekyll-site/fork).
 - Rename the fork to **YOURNAME.github.io** in project settings to enable Github Pages.
 - Wait 10 minutes for the site to show up.
 - Edit your site using [Prose](http://prose.io/) or Github. Start with [_config.yml](_config.yml) and [index.html](index.html).

## Recommended Documentation

   - [Getting Started with Prose](https://github.com/prose/prose/wiki/Getting-Started)
   - [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/docs/home/), [Liquid](https://github.com/Shopify/liquid/wiki/Liquid-for-Designers)
   - [Github Pages](https://help.github.com/articles/using-jekyll-with-pages)
   - [Bootstrap 3](http://getbootstrap.com/)

## FAQs

### Why don't my edits show up immediately?

Github Pages caches pages for 10 minutes whenever they are accessed. If you make a change while the page is cached, you will still see the old page until the cached page expires.

To bypass the cache, add a "cache-busting" query string after the URL, like so: 

    `http://mysite.github.io/my-page?somerandomstring`.

### How do I troubleshoot build failures?

If you have an error in one of your pages or templates, the new version will fail to build and Github will send you an email lacking any detail about what caused the failure. 

To see the error you can [run Jekyll locally](http://jekyllrb.com/docs/quickstart/) on a workstation.

### How can I enable SSL on Github Pages with a custom domain?

Front Github pages with a free Cloudflare account, as detailed in [this article](https://www.benburwell.com/posts/configuring-cloudflare-universal-ssl/).

### How can I pull in future improvements after I fork?

**Warning:** You might end up with merge conflicts once you've customized your site, which you'll have to resolve manually.

You can [merge](http://git-scm.com/book/en/Git-Branching-Basic-Branching-and-Merging) my changes into your branch.

Here are the basic steps, using a local checkout of your repo:

* Add me as a remote:

  ```
  git remote add reusable git@github.com:edrex/reusable-jekyll-site.git
  git fetch reusable
  ```

* Merge, resolving conflicts as needed:
  
  ```
  git merge reusable/master master
  ```

Alternatively, if you know which commits contain the features you want, you might want to [cherry-pick](http://git-scm.com/docs/git-cherry-pick) just those commits.

Commit message:

create page using either prose or github

README.md, after:

This is a starter project for people making Jekyll sites for hosting in Github Pages and editing with Prose.io.

## Features:

 - Clearly documented
 - Ready for Prose.io (includes a [links.json](links.json), edit link on each page, and various _config settings)
 - Uses Bootstrap 3
 - Uses [Redcarpet](https://github.com/vmg/redcarpet), the same markdown renderer as Github. **TODO:** Document GFM features in demo page.
 - Links to "create this page" on the "404 Not Found" page, which enables **wiki-style linking**!

## Quick start

 - [Fork me](https://github.com/edrex/reusable-jekyll-site/fork).
 - Rename the fork to **YOURNAME.github.io** in project settings to enable Github Pages.
 - Wait 10 minutes for the site to show up.
 - Edit your site using [Prose](http://prose.io/) or Github. Start with [_config.yml](_config.yml) and [index.html](index.html).

## Recommended Documentation

   - [Getting Started with Prose](https://github.com/prose/prose/wiki/Getting-Started)
   - [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/docs/home/), [Liquid](https://github.com/Shopify/liquid/wiki/Liquid-for-Designers)
   - [Github Pages](https://help.github.com/articles/using-jekyll-with-pages)
   - [Bootstrap 3](http://getbootstrap.com/)

## FAQs

### Why don't my edits show up immediately?

Github Pages caches pages for 10 minutes whenever they are accessed. If you make a change while the page is cached, you will still see the old page until the cached page expires.

To bypass the cache, add a "cache-busting" query string after the URL, like so: 

    `http://mysite.github.io/my-page?somerandomstring`.

### How do I troubleshoot build failures?

If you have an error in one of your pages or templates, the new version will fail to build and Github will send you an email lacking any detail about what caused the failure. 

To see the error you can [run Jekyll locally](http://jekyllrb.com/docs/quickstart/) on a workstation.

### How can I enable SSL on Github Pages with a custom domain?

Front Github pages with a free Cloudflare account, as detailed in [this article](https://www.benburwell.com/posts/configuring-cloudflare-universal-ssl/).

### How can I pull in future improvements after I fork?

**Warning:** You might end up with merge conflicts once you've customized your site, which you'll have to resolve manually.

You can [merge](http://git-scm.com/book/en/Git-Branching-Basic-Branching-and-Merging) my changes into your branch.

Here are the basic steps, using a local checkout of your repo:

* Add me as a remote:

  ```
  git remote add reusable git@github.com:edrex/reusable-jekyll-site.git
  git fetch reusable
  ```

* Merge, resolving conflicts as needed:
  
  ```
  git merge reusable/master master
  ```

Alternatively, if you know which commits contain the features you want, you might want to [cherry-pick](http://git-scm.com/docs/git-cherry-pick) just those commits.
